h1. Delayed Deltas for Thinking Sphinx

This fork should hopefully make it a bit more Rails 3 compatible, by moving the task to the lib/ts-delayed-data/railties folder and renaming the file to delayed_delta.rake.
I tried to follow the guidelines from here: "Rails 3 plugins":http://www.themodestrubyist.com/2010/03/16/rails-3-plugins---part-3---rake-tasks-generators-initializers-oh-my/

h2. Changes Oct 13, 2010

I have updated the Rakefile to use the jeweler approach I have always used, with explicit require statements instead of adding allfiles using wildcards.
Since the README document states it requires Thinking Sphinx 1.3.0 or later, I changed the Rakefile dependency from 2.0.0.rc1 to >= 1.3.

I have also changed the RSpec configuration to use the latest RSpec 2.0.0.rc, but not yet tried if the specs actually run :O

h2. Installation for use in Rails 3 app

You'll need Thinking Sphinx 1.3.0 or later, and Delayed Job as well. The latter is flagged as a dependency.

<pre><code>gem install ts-delayed-delta --source http://gemcutter.org</code></pre>

In your Gemfile, with the rest of your gem dependencies:

<pre><code>
gem 'ts-delayed-delta', '>= 1.1.1', :github  => 'git://github.com:kristianmandrup/ts-delayed-delta.git'</code></pre>

and just run $ bundle install

This will automatically ensure all gems which it depends on are also installed such as the correct (latest) versions of thinking-sphinx and delayed-job.

If this is your first time running Delayed Job, then you're going to need the jobs table migration as well:

<pre><code>script/generate delayed_job</code></pre>

For the indexes you want to use this delta approach, make sure you set that up in their @define_index@ blocks.

<pre><code>define_index do
  # ...
  
  set_property :delta => :delayed
end</code></pre>

If you've never used delta indexes before, you'll want to add the boolean column named delta to each model that is using the approach.

<pre><code>def self.up
  add_column :articles, :delta, :boolean, :default => true, :null => false
end</code></pre>

h2. Usage

Once you've got it all set up, all you need to do is make sure that the delayed job process is running - either by Delayed Job's built-in approach, or Thinking Sphinx's custom rake task:

<pre><code>rake thinking_sphinx:delayed_delta</code></pre>

There's also a short name for the same task, to save your fingers some effort:

<pre><code>rake ts:dd</code></pre>

h2. Contributors

* "Ryan Schlesinger":http://github.com/ryansch (Allowing installs as a plugin)
* "Maximilian Schulz":http://max.jungeelite.de (Ensuring compatibility with Bundler)
* "Edgars Beigarts":http://github.com/ebeigarts (Adding intelligent description for tasks)
* "Alexander Simonov":http://simonov.me/ (Explicit table definition)
* "Kristian MAndrup":http://github.com/kristianmamndrup (Rails 3 conversion)

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Pat Allan, and released under an MIT Licence.
